now three years passed without war
now three years passed without war between Syria and Israel then it came to
between Syria and Israel then it came to
between Syria and Israel then it came to pass in the third year that Jehoshaphat
pass in the third year that Jehoshaphat
pass in the third year that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went down to visit the
the king of Judah went down to visit the
the king of Judah went down to visit the king of Israel and the king of Israel
king of Israel and the king of Israel
king of Israel and the king of Israel said to his servants do you know that
said to his servants do you know that
said to his servants do you know that ramoth in Gilead is ours but we hesitate
ramoth in Gilead is ours but we hesitate
ramoth in Gilead is ours but we hesitate to take it out of the hand of the king
to take it out of the hand of the king
to take it out of the hand of the king of Syria so he sent to Jehoshaphat will
of Syria so he sent to Jehoshaphat will
of Syria so he sent to Jehoshaphat will you go with me to fight at ramoth-gilead
you go with me to fight at ramoth-gilead
you go with me to fight at ramoth-gilead I am as you are my people as your people
I am as you are my people as your people
I am as you are my people as your people my horses as your horses please inquire
my horses as your horses please inquire
my horses as your horses please inquire for the word of the Lord today then the
for the word of the Lord today then the
for the word of the Lord today then the king of Israel gathered the prophets
king of Israel gathered the prophets
king of Israel gathered the prophets together about four hundred men and said
together about four hundred men and said
together about four hundred men and said to them
to them
to them shall I go against ramoth-gilead to
shall I go against ramoth-gilead to
shall I go against ramoth-gilead to fight or shall I refrain so they said go
fight or shall I refrain so they said go
fight or shall I refrain so they said go up for the Lord will deliver it into the
up for the Lord will deliver it into the
up for the Lord will deliver it into the hand of the king and Jehoshaphat said is
hand of the king and Jehoshaphat said is
hand of the king and Jehoshaphat said is there not still a prophet of the Lord
there not still a prophet of the Lord
there not still a prophet of the Lord here that we may inquire of him so the
here that we may inquire of him so the
here that we may inquire of him so the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat there
king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat there
king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat there is still one man Mike heah the son of
is still one man Mike heah the son of
is still one man Mike heah the son of imlah
imlah
imlah by whom we may inquire of the Lord but I
by whom we may inquire of the Lord but I
by whom we may inquire of the Lord but I hate him
hate him
hate him because he does not prophesy good
because he does not prophesy good
because he does not prophesy good concerning me but evil let not the king
concerning me but evil let not the king
concerning me but evil let not the king say such things then the king of Israel
say such things then the king of Israel
say such things then the king of Israel called an officer bring my K at the son
called an officer bring my K at the son
called an officer bring my K at the son of imlah quickly the king of Israel and
of imlah quickly the king of Israel and
of imlah quickly the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah having put
Jehoshaphat the king of Judah having put
Jehoshaphat the king of Judah having put on their robes sat each on his throne at
on their robes sat each on his throne at
on their robes sat each on his throne at a freshing floor at the entrance of the
a freshing floor at the entrance of the
a freshing floor at the entrance of the gate of Samaria and all the prophets
gate of Samaria and all the prophets
gate of Samaria and all the prophets prophesied before them now
prophesied before them now
prophesied before them now Zedekiah the son of canaan had made
Zedekiah the son of canaan had made
Zedekiah the son of canaan had made horns of iron for himself
horns of iron for himself
horns of iron for himself and he said
and he said
and he said thus says the Lord with these you shall
thus says the Lord with these you shall
thus says the Lord with these you shall Gore the Syrians until they are
Gore the Syrians until they are
Gore the Syrians until they are destroyed and all the prophets
destroyed and all the prophets
destroyed and all the prophets prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and
prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and
prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and prosper for the Lord will deliver it
prosper for the Lord will deliver it
prosper for the Lord will deliver it into the Kings hand
then the messenger who had gone to calm
then the messenger who had gone to calm IKEA spoke to him now listen the words
IKEA spoke to him now listen the words
IKEA spoke to him now listen the words of the prophets with one Accord
of the prophets with one Accord
of the prophets with one Accord encouraged the king please let your word
encouraged the king please let your word
encouraged the king please let your word be like the word of one of them and
be like the word of one of them and
be like the word of one of them and speak encouragement and my Cara said as
speak encouragement and my Cara said as
speak encouragement and my Cara said as the Lord lives whatever the Lord says to
the Lord lives whatever the Lord says to
the Lord lives whatever the Lord says to me that I will speak then he came to the
me that I will speak then he came to the
me that I will speak then he came to the king
king
king Makia shall we go to war against
Makia shall we go to war against
Makia shall we go to war against ramoth-gilead 'or shall we refrain go
ramoth-gilead 'or shall we refrain go
ramoth-gilead 'or shall we refrain go and prosper for the Lord will deliver it
and prosper for the Lord will deliver it
and prosper for the Lord will deliver it into the hand of the king
into the hand of the king
into the hand of the king how many times shall I make you swear
how many times shall I make you swear
how many times shall I make you swear that you tell me nothing but the truth
that you tell me nothing but the truth
that you tell me nothing but the truth in the name of the Lord
in the name of the Lord
in the name of the Lord I saw all Israel scattered on the
I saw all Israel scattered on the
I saw all Israel scattered on the mountains as sheep that have no Shepherd
mountains as sheep that have no Shepherd
mountains as sheep that have no Shepherd and the Lord said these have no master
and the Lord said these have no master
and the Lord said these have no master let each returned to his house in peace
let each returned to his house in peace
let each returned to his house in peace and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would
Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would
Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would not prophesy good - concerning me but
not prophesy good - concerning me but
not prophesy good - concerning me but evil then my care said therefore hear
evil then my care said therefore hear
evil then my care said therefore hear the word of the Lord I saw the Lord
the word of the Lord I saw the Lord
the word of the Lord I saw the Lord sitting on his throne and all the host
sitting on his throne and all the host
sitting on his throne and all the host of heaven standing by on his right hand
of heaven standing by on his right hand
of heaven standing by on his right hand and on his left and the Lord said who
and on his left and the Lord said who
and on his left and the Lord said who will persuade a hab to go up that he may
will persuade a hab to go up that he may
will persuade a hab to go up that he may fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in
fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in
fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in this manner and another spoke in that
this manner and another spoke in that
this manner and another spoke in that manner then a spirit came forward and
manner then a spirit came forward and
manner then a spirit came forward and stood before the Lord and said I will
stood before the Lord and said I will
stood before the Lord and said I will persuade him
persuade him
persuade him the Lord said to him in what way so he
the Lord said to him in what way so he
the Lord said to him in what way so he said I will go out and be a lying spirit
said I will go out and be a lying spirit
said I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets and the
in the mouth of all his prophets and the
in the mouth of all his prophets and the Lord said you shall persuade him and
Lord said you shall persuade him and
Lord said you shall persuade him and also prevail go out and do so therefore
also prevail go out and do so therefore
also prevail go out and do so therefore look the Lord has put a lying spirit in
look the Lord has put a lying spirit in
look the Lord has put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these prophets of yours
the mouth of all these prophets of yours
the mouth of all these prophets of yours and the Lord has declared disaster
and the Lord has declared disaster
and the Lord has declared disaster against you now Zedekiah the son of king
against you now Zedekiah the son of king
against you now Zedekiah the son of king Ana went near and struck my care on the
Ana went near and struck my care on the
Ana went near and struck my care on the cheek which way did the spirit from the
cheek which way did the spirit from the
cheek which way did the spirit from the Lord go from me to speak to you indeed
Lord go from me to speak to you indeed
Lord go from me to speak to you indeed you shall see on that day when you go
you shall see on that day when you go
you shall see on that day when you go into an inner chamber to hide so the
into an inner chamber to hide so the
into an inner chamber to hide so the king of Israel said
take mahalia and return him to amman the
take mahalia and return him to amman the governor of the city and to joash the
governor of the city and to joash the
governor of the city and to joash the king's son and say thus says the king
king's son and say thus says the king
king's son and say thus says the king put this fellow in prison and feed him
put this fellow in prison and feed him
put this fellow in prison and feed him with bread of affliction and water of
with bread of affliction and water of
with bread of affliction and water of affliction and tell I come in peace if
affliction and tell I come in peace if
affliction and tell I come in peace if you ever return in peace the Lord has
you ever return in peace the Lord has
you ever return in peace the Lord has not spoken by me
not spoken by me
not spoken by me take heed all you people
so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat
so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to
the king of Judah went up to
the king of Judah went up to ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead and the king of Israel said to Josh
and the king of Israel said to Josh
and the king of Israel said to Josh Offit
Offit
Offit I will disguise myself and go into
I will disguise myself and go into
I will disguise myself and go into battle but you put on your robes so the
battle but you put on your robes so the
battle but you put on your robes so the king of Israel disguised himself and
king of Israel disguised himself and
king of Israel disguised himself and went into battle now the king of Syria
went into battle now the king of Syria
went into battle now the king of Syria had commanded the thirty-two captains of
had commanded the thirty-two captains of
had commanded the thirty-two captains of his chariots fight with no one small or
his chariots fight with no one small or
his chariots fight with no one small or great but only with the king of Israel
great but only with the king of Israel
great but only with the king of Israel so it was when the captains of the
so it was when the captains of the
so it was when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat that they said
chariots saw Jehoshaphat that they said
chariots saw Jehoshaphat that they said surely it is the king of Israel
surely it is the king of Israel
surely it is the king of Israel therefore they turned aside to fight
therefore they turned aside to fight
therefore they turned aside to fight against him and jahesh effect cried out
against him and jahesh effect cried out
against him and jahesh effect cried out and it happened when the captains of the
and it happened when the captains of the
and it happened when the captains of the chariot saw that it was not the king of
chariot saw that it was not the king of
chariot saw that it was not the king of Israel but they turned backs in pursuing
Israel but they turned backs in pursuing
Israel but they turned backs in pursuing now a certain man drew a bow at random
now a certain man drew a bow at random
now a certain man drew a bow at random and struck the king of Israel between
and struck the king of Israel between
and struck the king of Israel between the joints of his arm so he said to the
the joints of his arm so he said to the
the joints of his arm so he said to the driver of his chariot turn around and
driver of his chariot turn around and
driver of his chariot turn around and take me out of the battle for I am
take me out of the battle for I am
take me out of the battle for I am wounded please and the king was propped
wounded please and the king was propped
wounded please and the king was propped up in his chariot facing the Syrians and
up in his chariot facing the Syrians and
up in his chariot facing the Syrians and died
died
died and even blood ran out from the wound
and even blood ran out from the wound
and even blood ran out from the wound onto the floor of the channel
onto the floor of the channel
onto the floor of the channel then as the Sun was going down a shout
then as the Sun was going down a shout
then as the Sun was going down a shout went throughout the art every man to his
went throughout the art every man to his
went throughout the art every man to his city and every man to his own country so
city and every man to his own country so
city and every man to his own country so the King died and was brought to Samaria
the King died and was brought to Samaria
the King died and was brought to Samaria and they buried the king in Samaria
and they buried the king in Samaria
and they buried the king in Samaria then someone washed the chariot at a
then someone washed the chariot at a
then someone washed the chariot at a pool in Samaria and the dogs licked up
pool in Samaria and the dogs licked up
pool in Samaria and the dogs licked up his blood while the hearts failed
his blood while the hearts failed
his blood while the hearts failed according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which he had spoken now the rest of the acts
he had spoken now the rest of the acts
he had spoken now the rest of the acts of a hat and all that he did the ivory
of a hat and all that he did the ivory
of a hat and all that he did the ivory house which he built and all the cities
house which he built and all the cities
house which he built and all the cities that he built are they not written in
that he built are they not written in
that he built are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel so Ahab rested with his
of Israel so Ahab rested with his
of Israel so Ahab rested with his father's then a huzzah his son reigned
father's then a huzzah his son reigned
father's then a huzzah his son reigned in his place Jehoshaphat the son of ASA
in his place Jehoshaphat the son of ASA
in his place Jehoshaphat the son of ASA had become king over Judah in the fourth
had become king over Judah in the fourth
had become king over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat
year of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat
year of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat was 35 years old when he became King and
was 35 years old when he became King and
was 35 years old when he became King and he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his
he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his
he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was a tsuba the daughter
mother's name was a tsuba the daughter
mother's name was a tsuba the daughter of Shilla and he walked in all the ways
of Shilla and he walked in all the ways
of Shilla and he walked in all the ways of his father a sir he did not turn
of his father a sir he did not turn
of his father a sir he did not turn aside from them doing what was right in
aside from them doing what was right in
aside from them doing what was right in the eyes of the Lord
the eyes of the Lord
the eyes of the Lord nevertheless the high places were not
nevertheless the high places were not
nevertheless the high places were not taken away for the people offered
taken away for the people offered
taken away for the people offered sacrifices
sacrifices
sacrifices and burnt incense on the high places
and burnt incense on the high places
and burnt incense on the high places also Jehoshaphat made peace with the
also Jehoshaphat made peace with the
also Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of Israel now the rest of the acts
king of Israel now the rest of the acts
king of Israel now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat the might that he showed
of Jehoshaphat the might that he showed
of Jehoshaphat the might that he showed and how he made war are they not written
and how he made war are they not written
and how he made war are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah and the rest of the
kings of judah and the rest of the
kings of judah and the rest of the perverted persons who remained in the
perverted persons who remained in the
perverted persons who remained in the days of his father a sir he banished
days of his father a sir he banished
days of his father a sir he banished from the land there was then no king in
from the land there was then no king in
from the land there was then no king in Edom only a deputy of the King
Edom only a deputy of the King
Edom only a deputy of the King Jehoshaphat made merchants ships to go
Jehoshaphat made merchants ships to go
Jehoshaphat made merchants ships to go to offer for gold but they never sailed
to offer for gold but they never sailed
to offer for gold but they never sailed for the ships were wrecked at easy and
for the ships were wrecked at easy and
for the ships were wrecked at easy and kiba then a huzzah
kiba then a huzzah
kiba then a huzzah the son of Ahab said to Jehoshaphat let
the son of Ahab said to Jehoshaphat let
the son of Ahab said to Jehoshaphat let my servants go with your servants in the
my servants go with your servants in the
my servants go with your servants in the ships but Jehoshaphat would not and
ships but Jehoshaphat would not and
ships but Jehoshaphat would not and Jehoshaphat rested with his father's and
Jehoshaphat rested with his father's and
Jehoshaphat rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City of David his father then she harem his
of David his father then she harem his
of David his father then she harem his son reigned in his place
a Hazara the son of Ahab became king
a Hazara the son of Ahab became king over Israel in Samaria in the 17th year
over Israel in Samaria in the 17th year
over Israel in Samaria in the 17th year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned
of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned
of Jehoshaphat king of Judah and reigned two years over Israel he did evil in the
two years over Israel he did evil in the
two years over Israel he did evil in the sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way of his father and in the way of his
of his father and in the way of his
of his father and in the way of his mother and in the way of Jeroboam the
mother and in the way of Jeroboam the
mother and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel sin for
son of Nebat who had made Israel sin for
son of Nebat who had made Israel sin for he served bail and worshipped him and
he served bail and worshipped him and
he served bail and worshipped him and provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger
provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger
provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger according to all that his father had
according to all that his father had
according to all that his father had done
done
done [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]